[music playing]
[woman laughs]
Ha ha!
People are staring.
Well, let them stare.
God, you're incredible.
Dave.
These last 6 months have
been the happiest of my life.
Mine, too.
You're the one, nicole.
Nicole clark...
Will you marry me?
Yes.
[cheering]
Absolutely, yes.
Ha ha!
Oh, no. I guessed. I
wanted it to be a surprise.
It's ok.
I love it.
I'll have it resized
first thing tomorrow.
You should probably
hold on to it.
Ok.
I love you so much.
I love you, too.
Dave: Oh, yeah.
Ha ha ha!
That's a good one.
To stand out.
You sure you don't
want to get that one?
Thanks.
Whoa!
Hey! Watch where
you're going, pal!
I need a--oh.
Oh, my god.
He took the ring.
Get the police.
[recorded laughter]
[spooky music playing]
[recorded cackling]
Ugh!
[cackling]
[thumping]
[recorded laughter]
Ohh! Ugh!
Janice: There are no recent
charges on perry's credit card,
Nothing to indicate
where he and ray went.
They're in los angeles.
Are you sure?
Yeah. I know ray.
He's an obsessive
compulsive psychopath.
Once he knew where I
was, he'd have to come.
He couldn't
help himself.
Then how do we
find him?
We don't. He'll make
contact when he wants.
And you're ok
with that.
No, but I have to be.
In the meantime,
I have a life.
Jack: Santa monica pd
sent us a young couple,
Possible stalking
incident on the pier
This morning.
They're in reception.
I can take it.
Send them
to my office.
No. We can do it.
Are you sure?
It's ok.
I need to work.
Beth: So what makes you
think this is more
Than just a random
pick-pocketing?
Because for the last
3 weeks there's been
A red truck
following us--
On dates, at home,
to the store.
We thought we were
just being paranoid
Until we saw the same
red truck today the pier.
Did you get
a license plate number?
No. I kept trying.
Couldn't make it out.
It did have one
of those
"keep honking, I'm
reloading" bumper stickers.
Those aren't
that common.
Ok. Let's say
this is stalking.
Stealing the ring
indicates that someone's
Not happy
about your engagement.
Can you two think
of anyone would wouldn't
Want you to be together?
I mean, no.
We were--we were
Both dating other
people when we met.
Neither of our exes took
the breakup very well.
In what way?
I mean, my ex
stephanie, she kind of had
A little bit
of a meltdown.
I work at this
tech startup,
And after I ended it, she
e-mailed all of my co-workers,
Telling them what
a jerk I was.
It was--it was
really embarrassing.
Jack: And your ex?
How'd he react?
He had a hard time
letting go.
He was always very
possessive, controlling.
If I even looked at another
guy, he'd get jealous.
I met him once.
I mean, he was
pretty intimidating.
I mean, I wouldn't
mess with him.
I know he's not happy
about dave and I dating.
We're gonna need both
of their full names.
Janice: Miss beekman, how
long did you an dave knox date?
Dave and I were together
for 3 years.
We talked
about getting married,
Starting a family.
So you must have been
pretty upset when he ended it.
You could say that.
I mean, one day, we're
making plans for our future,
And the next day, he's telling
me that he met his soul mate.
You sound skeptical.
Just cynical.
Nicole's a lifeguard.
I've seen what
she looks like
In a bathing suit.
I'd probably choose her
over me, too.
And that hasn't
made you bitter?
No. I'm not bitter.
I mean, maybe I was
6 months ago,
But I got over it.
That's not
what dave says.
All right.
Yes, I wasn't happy.
Yes, I might have expressed
it, but who wouldn't?
And I'm not saying that
I don't regret what I did.
He hurt me,
But I got my revenge.
I'm dating a new guy
who makes
A lot more money
than dave.
And you haven't been
following dave and nicole around
In a red truck?
Anyone who knows me knows I
wouldn't be caught dead in a truck.
Total gas guzzler.
I prefer to ride
my bike everywhere.
Where were you
this morning
Between 10:00
and noon?
Asleep in bed.
I'm a night owl.
Can anyone
confirm that?
Your new boyfriend
perhaps?
I was alone.
Look. I know that
you don't believe me,
But if dave wants to
spend the rest of his life
Getting skin cancer
with little miss "baywatch,”
Then I'm happy for him.
I'm just glad that I
found out how shallow he was
Before I made
a lifelong commitment.
Beth: Mr. Harris, where
did you meet nicole clark?
We work together, _santa
monica's lifeguard division.
I am a beach captain,
She's a ocean
lifeguard specialist.
You're her supervisor?
I cover nicole's beach,
check in with her
Throughout the day.
You never requested
reassignment?
Why would I?
After she dumped you,
weren't things
A little awkward,
Seeing her every day
at work,
Knowing she's
with someone else?
It was hard
at first,
But it got easier.
I try not to let it
get in the way
Of our work
relationship.
Beth: But you still
love her.
Yeah, I guess.
You don't just stop
loving someone.
How do you feel about nicole
and dave getting married?
I didn't know about the
engagement until you told me.
I'm happy for her if
that's what she wants.
So you're not
the least bit jealous?
I'm not
the jealous type.
That's not what
she told us.
She said that you were
possessive and controlling.
She did?
Mm-hmm.
Well, maybe I came off
that way,
But I didn't mean to.
I just really
cared for her.
Then you must have been pretty
angry when dave stole her from you.
Is it the way I wanted
things to turn out?
Of course not,
But dave's a good guy,
And nicole deserves someone
who would be good to her.
That's awfully
forgiving of you.
I just want nicole
to be happy.
Where were you
this morning?
North headquarters,
filling out paperwork.
A dozen people saw me.
I can get you
their names.
Jack, you got a minute?
Sure.
What's up?
Is ethan ok?
Yeah, ethan's great.
He really loved
Saturday.
The movie was
a big hit.
It wasn't that good.
He said
the same thing,
But spending time
with you...
Thanks for letting
it happen.
Dinner Friday?
Ethan's gonna have
some friends
And pizza and games,
And he'd like to
introduce you
If you're up
for it.
Are you up for it?
I'm cautiously
optimistic.
Then I'm there.
Ok. I'll let
him know.
Thank you.
Beth: I don't know
if I buy it.
It's got to kill him
to see her every day
And know she loves
someone else.
His alibi checks out.
He was at the lifeguard
headquarters all morning.
Stephanie on the
other hand has no alibi,
And she certainly didn't
hide her dislike of nicole.
But she's not clinging to the
past the way a stalker would.
She's moving on
with her life.
Eh, so she says.
What if it's
neither of them?
Dave works in tech,
startup.
That's pretty competitive.
Nicole's a lifeguard.
Could make her
The target of all sorts
of unwanted attention.
Let's take a look into their
professional lives, see what we can find.
[music playing]
Man: Ha ha ha!
I can't believe you
lost the ring, bro.
Smooth move.
I didn't lose
the ring, ok?
Nicole, you sure you want
to marry this schmuck?
Positive. Heh heh.
Ooh! I'm so excited.
We're gonna have
a wedding!
Is it too early
to stress?
Never. Burgers
and hot dogs coming up.
Hey. This is
the last beer,
So someone's got to
make a run.
Pete. You did
drink most of it.
Oh, yeah. Make
the drunk guy drive.
Dave: I'll go.
It's always me anyway.
Thanks, honey.
"Thanks, honey."
you're so whipped.
That attitude is why you'll
be single for life, pete.
What?
Hello?
Who's that?
Pete, is that you?
Hey. What are
you doing?
No! No!
Aah! Aah! No!
[screaming]
Ha ha ha!
[dave screaming]
Man: Is somebody
screaming?
Dave?
Man: Come on, guys.
Oh, my god! Dave!
[screaming]
Help! Help! Help!
No! Dave! Dave!
[indistinct chatter]
What brings you fellas
out here?
Our case.
Dave knox.
As a half-hour ago,
it became my case.
Dave knox didn't make it
through the night.
Any eyewitnesses?
Jack, this is
robbery homicide's show now,
So why don't you tell me
what you know?
The case originated
with tau.
We're gonna run lead.
Is this like
a power play?
Not a power play.
We're invested,
And we'd like to see
it through, that's all.
Of course, jack.
It's all yours.
Your witnesses
are right over there.
I'll talk
to the withesses.
I want to thank you.
For what?
Amanda told me you
played a part
In me seeing my son.
I grew up
without a father, jack.
Anything I said to amanda
really didn't have
Anything to do
with you.
It was about ethan.
I know I've been
around lately.
Not every guy would
be cool with that,
So thanks
for understanding.
You gonna be there
Friday night?
Friday?
Crime scene's this way.
I'll walk you over. Come on.
Ben: Did you guys see
anything weird,
Anyone at the party who
shouldn't have been there?
People were
coming and going.
I-I don't know.
I was pretty wasted.
I couldn't keep track of
where everybody was.
Did nicole or dave have any
enemies that you knew of?
Dave's a great guy.
They're both
good people.
They're the couple
everyone wants to be.
I can't think of anyone
would do something this awful.
I can't believe it.
It doesn't seem real.
They were so happy.
Trent: S.I.D. Found traces
of an accelerant in the tunnel.
Evidence points
to the ignition source being
Some kind
of zippo-style lighter.
You find the lighter?
No. The intent here
wasn't just to kill the victim.
They wanted him
to suffer.
You thinking a jealous
ex or something?
It's personal,
definitely revenge.
I'm not sure
about the ex.
Well, I'll let you know
if anything comes back
From forensics
on the accelerant.
Thanks, trent.
Beth: What did you find out about
nicole and dave's professional life?
No workplace drama
on dave's side.
It's just like
their friends said.
He was well-liked
by everyone.
And nicole?
In her 5 years with
the lifeguard division,
She had
an exemplary record,
That is
until 3 months ago.
A 12-year-old boy pedro
vasquez drowned on her watch.
The boy's parents
brought suit against the city.
What was their claim?
Criminal negligence.
They felt nicole didn't
Do enough to save
their son.
They were asking for
a million in damages.
Did they get it?
No. The judge ruled
in favor of the city.
Nicole was cleared
of any wrong-doing.
That's not the outcome
they were hoping for.
After the ruling,
the boy's father was
Quoted in the press
as saying,
"that lifeguard
deserves to suffer
The same way
we have suffered."
He lost his son,
So he takes someone
nicole loves.
Eye for an eye.
Nicole: He gave me
this on our second date.
We went
to the aquarium.
He carried on a whole
conversation with a dolphin.
He was always
so goofy.
That's what
I loved about him.
His, uh--his parents are
flying out from michigan.
They don't even know
about the engagement yet.
Janice: We know this is
a difficult time, nicole,
But we need to ask you
about pedro vasquez.
Pedro?
What does he have
to do with any of this?
Beth: We understand his
parents blamed you for his death.
That wasn't
my fault.
Can you tell us
what happened that day?
Pedro was playing
with his friends.
It was October,
our off season.
There were only
100 guards working
A whole 40-mile coastline.
That meant that some towers
were left empty.
There must have been
signs warning people
- Not to swim
in those areas.
Pedro and his friends
ignored the signs,
And there were no parents
around to stop them.
Where were
his parents?
I don't know.
Al I know is
That pedro got pulled
into a rip current,
Um, and by the time that one
of his friends got to my tower,
It was already
too late.
You told his parents
all of this?
What, you don't think that they
have anything to do with this?
It's something
we're exploring.
My supervisors told me that the
lawsuit was just a financial grab.
Are they capable of doing
something so horrible?
Man: No way my boy
went swimming
In an area
without a lifeguard.
He knew better
than that.
Are you saying
nicole lied?
I don't blame her for
covering her own ass.
I blame the judge
for not seeing through it.
The system's rigged
to favor
The pretty white girl.
I know the score.
I've seen it
too many times.
Yeah, I get it juan.
System failed
to deliver justice,
So you took justice
into your own hands.
I had nothing to do
with what happened
To that lady's fiancee.
We don't wish that
on anyone.
Jack: But you did, juan.
You told the press
she deserved to suffer.
I was grieving.
I would have said anything
if it'd make me feel better.
Where are you
last night?
Home.
Can your wife
confirm it?
Me and isabella,
We're not together
anymore.
After pedro,
Things were never
good between us.
I ran background
on you, juan.
You have a record,
3 years in chino for arson.
I made a stupid mistake
when I was a kid.
I served my time.
Makes me wonder, though.
See, our victim was
lit on fire.
You have a thing
for a fire.
I am not
that person anymore.
Having a kid
changed me.
Maybe losing him.
Changed you back.
If you're gonna
arrest me,
Then arrest me,
But don't come into
my place of business
And make accusations
you can't back up.
Thank you for your time,
mr. Vasquez.
We'll be in touch if we
have any more questions.
What was that?
I had him.
We don't know
he's our guy.
He has motive, means,
and no alibi to speak of.
We have nothing concrete
liking him to the crime scene.
It won't be enough
for the d.A.
Fine. I'll put
a unit on him.
We'll wait for him
to slip up.
Nicole: Hey.
I'm just at my tower,
Packing up my things.
I'll be back at the house
in about half an hour.
Thanks, zo.
You're the best.
[grunt]
Hello?
Hey.
Ohh! Mike, what
are you doing here?
I know you're
taking some time off.
I thought you might need
some help packing up.
You ok?
Did you hear something
under the pier?
No.
I thought I-I heard
someone calling out.
I should check it out.
No, no, no. You
sit tight. I'll go.
Mike: Unh!
Mike?
Is everything ok?
Mike! Mike!
Help!
Help! Help!
[coughing]
Nicole, whoever did this
Came here looking
for you.
They first came
to your lifeguard tower,
And then they followed
you to the pier,
Where they knew you'd
be vulnerable.
Mike just got
in the way.
Do you remember anything
about the attack?
Nothing, not until I was
pulling him out of the water.
Mike: I didn't see
the attacker.
They must have come up
behind me
And hit me
with something.
Can you identify
the weapon?
No. Maybe a piece
of driftwood.
They wash up
all the time.
Just wondering why the
injury to the front of your head
When you were hit
from behind.
Are you accusing me
of something.
No. I'm just asking.
I heard a noise
behind me,
I turn around,
and whack.
Why were you
out here at all?
I wanted nicole to know
I'm here for her
If she needs me.
Is that
a security camera?
No. It's a weather camera
for the surfers
To check the a.M. Break
on the city web site.
Yes.
I don't know. I'm not in
charge of the weather cameras.
Who is?
The city, I guess.
Janice: Got anything?
I had to search through
hours of footage to find this.
I've zoomed in.
The description dave
and nicole gave?
Same bumper sticker.
It arrives an hour
before the attack
And leaves
two hours later.
Can you see
who's driving?
It's the wrong angle.
You can't really see
Anyone entering
or exiting the vehicle.
Zoom in
on the license plate.
[typing]
Truck is registered
to isabella vasquez.
That's juan vasquez's
ex-wife.,
You think I attacked
those people?
I've never hurt
anyone in my life.
Your truck,
your license plate,
Nicole clark's beach.
It's not looking good,
mrs. Vasquez.
That's employee
parking by the pier.
I work as a manager
at one of the gift shops.
So you were working
at the time?
That's right.
We spoke to your shop.
They said you took
the day off yesterday.
According to the owner,
you've been calling in
Sick a lot lately.
We know you've been
following nicole and dave.
Would you care to
change your statement?
Sometimes, I sit
in my truck
And stare at her
In her
lifeguard tower.
I didn't hurt
anyone.
I just watched.
You followed her home
and other places.
I wanted to see her
and her life.
I had to know
if she was happy.
She doesn't deserve
to be.
Is that all?
No. I want proof
That she's not
good at her job.
They told me pedro's
death was an accident,
But I know that girl
wasn't watching.
She wasn't
paying attention,
And my son died.
Nicole told us that pedro
was with his friends that day.
Pedro came to work
with me.
We couldn't always
afford after-school care.
I told him to go
play with his friends
While I worked.
I told him to stay by
the lifeguard tower.
He was a good boy.
He always listened
to me.
It's completely
understandable
That you'd want to blame
someone for what happened.
It was her fault.
I know it was.
Pedro was
a good boy.
It shouldn't have
happened to him.
Trent: That's almost
a confession.
She blames nicole,
and this is how she's
Gonna make the girl suffer.
Sounds more like
she's projecting
Her own guilt
onto nicole.
That woman ultimately
blames herself.
You saw that.
I saw a woman
that was angry,
Who we can place
at the scene of the crime.
Motive, opportunity.
We can charge her.
It won't stick, trent.
Charge her,
and I'll build a case.
I'm sorry, trent. I got to
go with jack on this one.
- This is all
circumstantial.
Seriously?
I can support a search
warrant on her house.
Write it up, and
we can file it today.
I can't believe this.
We'll write the warrant,
we'll search the house
And see if we can come up
with something more concrete.
No short cuts
on this one.
Find me some
real evidence.
What was that about?
You think I'm wrong
about the case?
I didn't say that.
You should have had
my back in there.
I do have your back. You're
rushing an investigation.
What is wrong?
Nothing.
I know you, trent.
This is about jack.
What's going on
Friday night?
Ethan is having friends
over to meet jack.
How did you know?
Jack invited me.
Well, great. I was
gonna tell you.
We had plans
Friday night.
I'm sorry.
I completely forgot.
[music playing on tv.]
So should we try not
watching something else?
I'm sorry.
I'm just so scattered.
It's ok. You're
allowed to be.
It's late.
I should probably try
not sleeping for a while.
Ok. I'll just chill
here on my couch fort.
I appreciate
the company, zo.
Come here.
We'll get
through this, ok?
We're all ok here?
Yeah. Don't worry
about me.
[water running]
[water stops]
[spits]
[water running]
[thud]
Voice: Nicole.
Zoe!
Zoe! Zoe!
Aah! Aah!
There's somebody in
my bedroom. Call 911.
Beth: There's a pillow
and a blanket
And a bunch
of fast food wrappers.
They cut a hole in the floor
and the cabinet.
Someone's been living in the
crawlspace under the house? Creepy.
This doesn't seem like
revenge stalking.
This person wanted to be
close to nicole,
Watch her shower, see
her naked, that kind of thing.
Yeah. Implies
a romantic obsession.
Have s.I.D. Collect
everything,
Get it back to forensics
for testing.
Will do.
Nicole: Someone was
under my house, watching me?
For how long?
It looks like they've been
there a while, weeks maybe.
That is seriously
messed up.
Did either of you see anything
that could help us identify anyone?
No. I heard someone call
my name, and I took off.
I wasn't about to stick
around and see who it was.
What about you, zoe?
No. I was
in the living room,
And I heard
nicole scream,
And the next thing
I knew, she's
Coming down
the hallway,
And then we just got
outside and waited
For the police.
All right. It's unlikely
they'll come back,
But I'm gonna put
a unit outside anyway.
I can't stay here,
not after what happened.
I don't feel safe.
Do you have some place
you can go?
You can stay with me
as long as you need.
I don't want to put
you in danger, zo.
No, no. It's ok.
You'll put police
outside, right?
I can arrange that,
yeah.
Janice: Beth.
Excuse me.
S.I.D. Found this
in the crawlspace.
M.H.?
Mike harris,
nicole's ex.
[snap]
Gotcha, mike.
You used that
to set the fire
That killed
dave knox.
There's been
a big mistake.
I didn't kill anyone.
It's got your
initials on it.
We found it in your little
love nest under nicole's house.
I don't know what
you're talking about.
It was a gift from my dad,
but I quit smoking years ago.
Oh. So you found
a new use for it.
No. I keep it
in my desk
At the headquarters.
Somebody must have
stolen it.
I'm being set up.
Why would I leave
the lighter there?
It makes no sense.
That's what
happens, mike.
People slip up
in a moment.
Killing somebody
takes a toll.
You panic,
you make mistakes.
But why would I do it?
Dave was a good guy,
nicole loved him.
Look. My job is
to save people.
I could never take
somebody's life.
You were jealous
of dave.
He stole your girl,
so you killed him,
And then you faked that
little attack under the pier
To get nicole's
sympathy.
You're wrong.
And now you are looking
At a first-degree
murder charge.
I want a lawyer.
Yeah.
That--that sounds
like a good idea.
He's right.
The lighter is
too obvious.
It's called
evidence, jack.
We found it,
we got him.
But we didn't find it.
We were led to it.
Why would he attack
nicole in her house now?
There were plenty of opportunities
when she was alone, unprotected.
Why risk it? Because
they knew we'd find
The crawlspace
and the lighter.
This was planned
and calculated.
You are giving this killer
way too much credit, jack.
Come on. I thought you
were a homicide detective
In a previous life.
What's going on?
I thought we were
working well together.
Yeah? Well, everyone
has a threshold.
Janice: Forensics
sent over the items
Pulled from
the crawlspace.
No useable prints
or dna.
Janice: It's mostly trash,
but there are photos
Of nicole in her
lifeguard uniform
And newspaper clippings
about her rescues.
"Santa monica lifeguard
saves drowning children,”
"lifeguard rescues
drowning man
From dangerous riptide."
Looks like
hero worship.
And we're attracted
to heroes because
We see them as
the embodiment
Of our undeveloped
potential.
Freud called it
the ego ideal.
So more than likely,
we're looking for someone
With low
self-esteem.
Mike doesn't fit
the profile.
He's confident. I mean,
he's a hero himself.
No. This is someone
who's seen nicole on the job.
They may have even been
rescued by her.
All right. Contact
lifeguard headquarters.
Let's get a record of
everyone nicole's ever saved.
Wait. I have it.
My contact at the
lifeguard division
Gave me access to
their secure database.
They keep a record
of every rescue.
There's
a medical component.
It'll even have the
victim's name and address.
How many rescues has
nicole been a part of?
Janice: Uh, in the last
5 years...
63 with
a medical component.
Janice, back up.
Back, back.
What is it?
Zoe parsons.
Nicole's best friend.
According to this,
nicole saved zoe
After she jumped off
the santa monica pier.
Could she be?
She was at the party
at the beach.
She had access
to the tunnel.
Yeah, but she was in the living
room during last night's attack.
- How could she be
in two places at once?
The distance from the
bathroom to the bedroom
Is shorter from the
outside than from the inside.
Wait. Did she have
enough time?
Yeah. She scares
nicole here
And has plenty of time
to crawl out
From under the house
and into the living room.
Where nicole found her
Like she'd been there
the whole time.
She had it all planned.
She was leading us
To mike harris' lighter.
_Nicole's
with zoe now.
Alert the unit outside
of zoe's house.
Send backup.
Thanks for taking
me out, zo.
I needed some
fresh air.
Now's no time to be
cooped up all alone.
When's your family
coming to town?
Um, my mom flew out
this morning,
And my dad gets here
tomorrow.
Australia is a long way.
I can't believe that
this is happening.
How is this happening?
I'll take care
of you, ok?
You saved me.
Now it's time for me
to save you.
I don't know what I'd
do without you, zoe.
You're a good friend.
I love you.
Oh. We should go.
I left my cell
in the car.
Dave's sister's been
trying to reach me.
I have to start
dealing with this.
Wait. No, nicole.
I mean, I-I love you.
Ever since the day
you rescued me,
I...
I felt like we
had something, you know?
I felt...
Our connection.
Nobody's ever given
a damn about me.
For the first time, I felt like
I had a-a reason to be here.
It's to be with you.
Zoe, what are you
doing?
I went with dave to pick
out your engagement ring.
I knew it was
the wrong size,
But he wouldn't listen.
It was all wrong anyway.
You're more
of a vintage girl.
70, don't.
I know. I'm sorry.
My timing sucks.
Zoe, we're just
friends.
That's all
we'll ever be.
It was you.
Ohh!
[gasping]
They're not at zoe's
place. Where's security?
We had a unit
on the street,
But they weren't notified
the girls were leaving.
Nicole's not
answering her cell.
We put out a bolo
on zoe parsons.
We've got every cop in
the area searching for her.
What if this is more
than just hero worship?
What do you mean?
It's similar to the
florence nightingale effect
Where the patient falls
in love with the caregiver,
Only in this case
maybe zoe fell in love
With the woman
who saved her life.
And dave's proposal made zoe
realize she had to get rid of him.
So she snuck away from the
bonfire, attacked him in the tunnel.
And used mike harris'
lighter to frame him
Because she knew that
mike still loved nicole.
It all makes sense
except for one thing.
If zoe loves nicole,
Why scare her
under the pier?
So nicole would come to
her, seeking emotional support
Except zoe didn't count
mike showing up
And ruining
the moment.
With the police involved,
she's gonna act fast.
Where would she
take her?
Where would you take
someone to profess your love?
I would take her to the
place where we first met.
Beth: The pier.
She saved her
at the pier.
Ohh! Unh!
Zoe, don't.
You know, all
I ever wanted was
For us to be together.
Zoe, please
just let me go.
It was all
for you, nicole.
You killed dave.
Look. I know that-- that
it's hard for you to hear this,
But I did it
for you, for us.
Zoe, no.
It's ok now
because we're together,
And now we can be
together forever.
What are you
talking about?
Because we're
gonna jump together.
Come on.
Nicole,
come back here.
[siren]
Lock it down.
[radio chatter]
Check the parking lot.
Set up a perimeter.
Nobody gets off the pier
unless I say.
Yes, ma'am.
Come on. You
heard her. Let's go.
[ Nicole screams]|]
Come on, nicole.
You go first.
[crying]
Come on, nicole!
Come on.
Unh!
[groaning]
Get away
from me!
Stay away!
Stay away from me.
Jack: Zoe, don't!
Beth: Zoe, come on down.
Let's talk about this.
No. There's nothing
to talk about.
Nicole: Zoe, just let
them help you.
No. I have to
do this.
No because then--
then you can save me,
You know, like
you did before,
And--and we can
start over.
That's not how
this works.
Yes, it is!
Just let me
help you now.
Just please come--
come down from there.
Can you forgive me?
Yes.
Just please don't
make me hurt anymore.
I can't lose
you, too.
No! Ohh! No!
Let go of me!
Nicole! Nicole!
I love you, nicole!
I love you!
[sobbing]
[music playing]
Beth: The arresting officer
found this on zoe.
I believe it
belongs to you.
Thank you.
I'm so sorry.
Nice job today, guys.
I'll meet you
back at the house?
You don't have to
keep switching off.
I know you guys have
lives. Go live them.
I'm not missing
anything,
And we're happy
to hang.
Thank you.
I appreciate it,
But I have a uni
outside my house.
I'll be fine.
We know that.
Not the point.
Go home.
Get some sleep.
I'll see you
in the morning.
Do we buy it?
Maybe we're
smothering her.
Do we let it ride?
She's the boss.
[music continues]
Trent.
Coming by tonight?
I don't think
that's a good idea.
Why not?
Amanda...
You know, what
we do here, our work,
It's really complicated,
and life is complicated,
But when I go home,
things have to simplify,
They have to get
easier.
They can't always
be easy, trent.
I know they can't
always be easier,
But they have to
be honest.
I know that jack
showing up
Has made things
very difficult,
But I have tried to be
honest with you, trent.
I know. You have tried.
_ You're not
quite there yet, though,
With yourself.
We both know what
I'm talking about here.
Trent, don't--
Look. I know jack
is ethan's father,
And--and I get it.
It's not even
about that.
Things are getting too
complicated here, amanda.
So I'm gonna sit
this out for now.
Everything ok?
Yeah.
You know, before
I screwed everything up,
You and I were
good friends.
I remember.
So if you need
to talk...
Thank you. I'm fine.
Good night, jack.
Good night.
[music continues]
[doorbell rings]
Hey, jack.
What's up?
Can I come in?
Oh, yeah.
I was just doing
the dishes.
I said back at the
office that I was fine.
You're fine,
and you're good,
And you appreciate
what we're doing.
I know. I got it.
Just stop all that.
I'm here now,
and I just--
I just needed some
company tonight,
And I brought food.
We got sweet, we
got something salty,
Something sweet
and salty,
And look at this.
Movies. You want
to watch a movie?
Jack.
What?
Nothing.